add backlink from config to cluster settings API (#1261)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _opensearch/configuration.md

}
```

> For further information see the [Cluster settings API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/rest-api/cluster-settings/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Next steps

For more cluster settings, see the [Cluster settings API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/rest-api/cluster-settings/) documentation.
```

Author: i disagree with the "for more cluster settings" wording: the documentation to which i link doesn't describe the cluster settings but instead describes the REST API in more details.

Author: thanks, i've applied that. was the bullet point intentional? it looked a bit wrong, so i left it away for the moment.
otherwise: you (as a maintainer) have write access to the branch of this PR, so feel free to add it in directly so you don't have to wait for me to do it
